Marriage proposal by Naga Lakshmi classmate  - I didn’t ask anything
Before our marriage almost went till engagement got cancelled - I didn’t ask anything
During marriage, price of land or demand for registration - I didn’t ask anything
you made comments like i stepped on dogs tail, fox tail etc., - I didn’t ask anything
You disturbed our gift land and sold - I didn’t ask anything
You told 15 cents added to our gift land now you are saying its not there - I didn’t ask anything
Your daughter tongue slip language and usage of vulgar words - I didn’t ask anything
You keep on comparing me with others on earnings and assets - I didn’t ask anything
Teja and her husband involved in our personal family matters - I didn’t ask anything

Initially I thought of asking but why I didn’t anything? Because i felt we are one family

and i never at least saw the gift land till now and always kept quiet and doing my work

Now you only tell me why you don’t have trust on me? As Im quiet and didn’t ask anything? Tell one other reason where I’m bad apart from drinking?

And do you know the actual reason why I'm drinking? Did you ever tried talking with your daughter on this? 

Some of the lands you also got through either dowry or inheritance assets only right? You sold land when you need and leading a comfortable life now but you expect us to do labour work?

And for your clarification no one removed me from job i only left and thought to start business because my thoughts are sharp than you all, i know Jagan will move the capital and land rates will drop 

The only reason I asked to sell is, corona time is life time once opportunity for whole life settlement - I told this 6 years back when price is in peak we have to make profit out of it and multiply the profits 

if not we have to do labour work all our life. We need to know when to sell more than when to buy 

And your logic of saying you only have to earn and invest is illogical, why so? I will give few examples

A film director will have ideas and can create a product with his vision, but if Producer says you only produce your film then its illogical 

A Chief minister will have vision on state capital but he needs funds from central government, if not what you are feeling that we are in capital city and our lands rates will grow will not happen right? 

Simple example the way you say is like why Naga Lakshmi had to work as a teacher? She only can start School know? Why Naga Teja has to work as a software employee? she can start her own software company know? 

This logic you never understand - that’s why I stopped explaining these - your brains are stuck in 1940’s you will not grow and you don’t make your successors grow, you always expect us also to do labour work only

come out of the house and see what kamma society people are doing right now, they are selling here in high profits and investing in Visakhapatnam at low rates 

Visakhapatnam is the growth engine not Amaravati - I’m saying this also 5 years before i will give in written if needed

Ok I’m leaving and follow your guidelines on the lands - let me see what profit we will gain in the future

True rich person is one not who owns houses or lands, but who doesn’t have loans and live a satisfied and comfortable life till death

I had cleared 48 lacs of loan this month, what you know about me? and how can you say i cant clear 5 lacs? did i take any money from you and didn't paid?

Small calculation I will give what I might have done if we have sold 1 acre for 1 crore when I asked, during corona whole stock market crashed and very very good opportunity for investing, my thought was to invest 25 lacs each on only 4 shares 

Share name 			2020 price 		2024 price 		profit 

Tata motors 		80 rupees		656 rupees		2 crores
Vedanta				69 rupees		490 rupees		1.7 crores
Wockhardt			121 rupees		1304 rupees 	2 crores 
Sudharshan chem		212 rupees 		1045 rupees		1.5 crores


Total returns 9 crores in 4 years - 6 crores we might have brought 12 acres land and 3 crores FD 2.5 lacs interest per month

I 'm responsible more than you all.. do you know how many lacs I save every year? Which even I don’t have to tell 

But my only request is don’t judge people with your thoughts I definitely know i’m far more superior in thoughts than you all

If you judge me on my drinking habit the same i ask you also, you don't have drinking habit what you have achieved in life apart from small house and small income?

You may say i growed 2 kids - almost every one will do the same, what extra you did with out drinking? did you attest became crorepati with your own earnings?

There is no point to live like crow for 100 years, live like a swan how many years we live 

Note: I m sending this as letter because you don’t have patience to listen like always and I don’t have interest to explain again and again, whatever happens let it happen

Important: Please don't judge a person's thoughts and stamina based on his habits, my director/manager/team leader personally called me and took me back to the company as they know what kind of a person I'm and i don't have to prove my stamina to each and every one. and one more request is don't assume that I'm careless i might look like that but I'm very very cautious in everything i do 

Thank you!



